0.29.0 (#1187)
MetaMask/snaps-monorepo: packages/examples/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.29.0]
### Changed
- **BREAKING:** Improve request function types ([#1014](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-monorepo/pull/1014))

> - **BREAKING:** Change checksum calculation -- shasum values updated in snap manifests ([#1128](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-monorepo/pull/1128))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** Change checksum calculation ([#1128](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-monorepo/pull/1128))
  - The checksum has changed for all snaps, and needs to be updated
```

> - Standardise logging across all packages ([#1164](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-monorepo/pull/1164))

Reviewer: This is an internal change, and doesn't seem important to mention in the changelog.
```suggestion
```
